# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Classes

* [`cmake`](#cmake): Installs CMake from source.

### Defined types

#### Public Defined types


#### Private Defined types

* `cmake::build`: Builds and installs a specific version of CMake
* `cmake::install`: Executes the installation script provided by Kitware.

## Classes

### <a name="cmake"></a>`cmake`

This module downloads CMake from Kitware's GitHub repository, optionally
bootstraps and builds it and installs it afterwards.

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `cmake` class:

* [`source_dir`](#source_dir)
* [`install_dir`](#install_dir)
* [`base_url`](#base_url)
* [`build_dependencies`](#build_dependencies)
* [`source_type`](#source_type)
* [`version`](#version)
* [`override_url`](#override_url)

##### <a name="source_dir"></a>`source_dir`

Data type: `String`

The directory where to download and extract the sources to.

Default value: `'/usr/local/src'`

##### <a name="install_dir"></a>`install_dir`

Data type: `String`

The installation prefix, which defaults to '/usr'.

Default value: `'/usr'`

##### <a name="base_url"></a>`base_url`

Data type: `String`

The base URL where the CMake sources are downloaded from.
This defaults to the release directory on for CMake on GitHub.

Default value: `'https://github.com/Kitware/CMake/releases/download/'`

##### <a name="build_dependencies"></a>`build_dependencies`

Data type: `Array[String]`

A list of packages that need to be installed in
order to successfully build CMake. These
dependencies should be specified via Hiera.

Default value: `[ 'gcc' ]`

##### <a name="source_type"></a>`source_type`

Data type: `String`

The source_type parameter determines the type of the
installation. If it is 'sh', the installer script will be
downloaded and installed. Otherwise, it is assumed that the
source URL points to a source archive that needs to be
built. For Linux machines, you would typically use 'tar.gz'
in this case.

Default value: `'sh'`

##### <a name="version"></a>`version`

Data type: `String`

The version of CMake that should be installed.

##### <a name="override_url"></a>`override_url`

Data type: `Optional[String]`

If set, forces download from the specified URL, bypassing
any of the automatic guess work.

Default value: ``undef``

## Defined types

